Ming Lanna, your job approval has been approved.
It's just unfortunate.
You said you just got married.
What happened to your daughter-in-law?
Oh, I'm afraid I can't get through the business.
What do you mean?
So you issue a written statement
You cut ties with Jiang Lili
Then I married my daughter Hye Min
When God came to check, he said
The bride at the wedding the other day?
It's Hye Min
Our whole village is willing to testify for you
You say this way your job
It's not me, if I don't want to
Xue Linghan
Don't forget when my son was in the army with you
He sacrificed his life for you
You owe me that
I've been sending money to your house every month for years
More funding
Is it enough to finish college?
Ah, you can still give us money after you marry your wife
After you let my Tao family break up?
I don't care.
You should be the son-in-law of my Tao family in this life
Take care of Huimin
I bah
It wasn't Class Leader Tao who took action on his own initiative that year
My brother almost got a first-class job
It was your son who ruined his future
Shut up, Fang
I'm going to say
My brother is hiding it these days
I don't want to ruin his name
Your wife is optimistic about you taking sinners and not taking action
bastard
My son chopped off his leg just to save him
Anyway?
Don't want this job if you don't marry my daughter
In Danger